README.md, before:

Weeding-Helper
==============

Web-based software to help libraries make weeding/de-accession decision based on item usage and external evaluations of individual items. Designed for libraries using III (Innovative Interfaces) catalogs.

It runs in a LAMP environment: Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP; it also uses a good bit of JavaScript. It relies on Linux's cron process for some jobs. It relies on several pre-existing open-source tools, all of which are included in this installation. Full installation instructions are available in the documentation.php file. 

Weeding Helper takes input in the form of tab-delimited text file outputs from the User Defined Export feature of III's Millennium or Sierra interface's Create List module. The export format is defined in documentation.php. Once uploaded to Weeding Helper, the system breaks each bibliographic record into separate item records so that each volume may be examined separately. A cron job will check the holdings against a shared III INN-Reach catalog (if desired). Weeding Helper will allow users to make notes and changes to selected fields.

Items may be viewed, filtered, sorted and printed. Some data visualization is also included.

Commit message:

added license and author info to README

README.md, after:

Weeding-Helper
==============

Web-based software to help libraries make weeding/de-accession decision based 
on item usage and external evaluations of individual items. Designed for 
libraries using III (Innovative Interfaces) catalogs.

It runs in a LAMP environment: Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP; it also uses a good 
bit of JavaScript. It relies on Linux's cron process for some jobs. It relies 
on several pre-existing open-source tools, all of which are included in this 
installation. Full installation instructions are available in the 
documentation.php file. 

Weeding Helper takes input in the form of tab-delimited text file outputs from
the User Defined Export feature of III's Millennium or Sierra interface's 
Create List module. The export format is defined in documentation.php. Once 
uploaded to Weeding Helper, the system breaks each bibliographic record into 
separate item records so that each volume may be examined separately. A cron 
job will check the holdings against a shared III INN-Reach catalog (if 
desired). Weeding Helper will allow users to make notes and changes to 
selected fields.

Items may be viewed, filtered, sorted and printed. Some data visualization is 
also included. 

AUTHORS
-------
Weeding Helper was developed by Ken Irwin, kirwin@wittenberg.edu

LICENSE
-------
Weeding Helper is licensed under a 
Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/deed.en_US
